Fix `?conflict=true` query not setting dataset members as read-only (#4441)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where a PDS member URI with the `conflict` query parameter was not returned as read-only by `DatasetFSProvider.stat`, causing the "remote" side of the conflict diff editor to be editable. [#3963](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3963)

Reviewer: the entry should point towards #4440 
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a PDS member URI with the `conflict` query parameter was not returned as read-only by `DatasetFSProvider.stat`, causing the "remote" side of the conflict diff editor to be editable. [#3963](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4440)
```

Author: My mistake, fixed.
